
Prevs day of Day1:	10/09
	
	once after reaching the chennai, we gone to see the place where to look for accomodation..




First day @Altran:	11/09

	The day when i stepped into my Office and I was very happy that I gonna start my carear from Altran as a software trainee.
	To be honest I was 0/5 in networking.. I wanna expore more to get things done and to unnderstand the core to kickstart all stuffs, All these thinkings were floating in my head and i kept that aside and started to epore m company.
	
	Once we are inside the campus we all were grouped and asked us to wait at a hall @5th floor sry I dont remember the room name, then they came and addresssed us all the instructions and the things to be done today to get into the workplace..
	I find an interesting rule while he addressing us was when u are inside the altran office u have to call everyone by only using their name. It made me to get a clear idea of how ppl will be..
	
	Once its done we have some paper signing process it took till evening and after that we had some break in between and once all the proces get over we have been into put into different projects and we were asked to report to our repective managers at the end.
	
	We met Mr.Ratna (Director of AT&T Team) he clearly said abut the project is going on and about the role we are gonna be working with we have given a LinkedList task as an asssigment finally the day ended up with a chill food..
	
2nd Day @Altran:	12/09

	We came inside the campus by 9.10AM then we found out that all the people were coming inside the office only by 10.30-11AM.. We were shocked and happy that we have no restriction in timings. Haha!! just kidding!!!
	
	Once after time has crossed 11AM ppl started to get inside our floor rooms, them we were allocated our workplaces and we started getting doubts regarding company apart from projects. We have many ppl helping us around namely Jayavani,Prasanna,Hemalatha were always here to help us. We were talking too much during the beginning and didnt stop talking till now.

	We solved that problem in C and shown that to rathna but he marked it as wrong, we tried three times but got same response till last shown.. Then we played and chitchat till evening and asked to rathna that shall we leave, we got locked for the given problem.

	We stayed for 12.35hrs in company for the first time it was super amazing that our company employees were working till nights and a bad that we solved the problem but we could not find the actual thing of what rethna had expected to do so. 
	
	A great issue happened for me.. My PC monitor started flickering i raised a ticked to IT-Help DESK they said by monday ur issue gets fixed. Then daily sessions planned and it will continue for 1.25hrs and it will be half interesting and half fun.

3rd Day @Altran:
	
	We came inside the office around 10AM and started to do the same task that we have been working on till yesterday. finally we came to know that rathna was leaving to US for this weekend, we were happy and it was a COOOL time too...
	

	
	
